License and Attribution Notices           {#license}
=======================

-----------------

This file has two names: LICENSE.md and NOTICE.md. The former to tell GiHub users this
is the license. The latter to tell creators of derived works that they need to distribute this
with or make it available in a display generated by any Derivative Works, except for any
parts that do not pertain to the Derivative Work, in accordance with clause 4d of the
Apache 2.0 license, i.e. this is the "NOTICE" file.

Modifications by Julius Ikkala: removed ETC2-related files and other libraries.
Their licenses have also been removed from this file, since they are no longer
part of this distribution.

-----------------

## Default License

With the exception of the files listed explicitly below, the source
is made available under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use these files except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

libKTX is the work of Mark Callow based on work by Georg Kolling and Jacob
Ström with contributions borrowed from Troy Hanson and Johannes van Waveren.
The source contains code

    © 2010 & © 2013 The Khronos Group Inc.
    © 2008 and © 2010 HI Corporation
    © 2005 Ericsson AB
    © 2003-2010, Troy D. Hanson
    © 2015-2018 Mark Callow
    © 2016 Oculus VR, LLC.

The KTX load tests are the work of Mark Callow with a few small portions borrowed
from Sascha Willems' Vulkan examples and use Sam Lantinga's libSDL for portability.
The source contains code

    © 2013 The Khronos Group Inc.
    © 2008 and © 2010 HI Corporation
    © 1997-2018 Sam Lantinga
    © 2016 Sascha Willems
    © 2015-2018 Mark Callow

-----------------

**IMPORTANT:** Due to GitHub Markdown limitations license text has
been copied into this file from the files named below. In the event
of a discrepancy, the licenses in the files shall be deemed correct.

### uthash.h

uthash.h is made available under the following revised BSD license.

Copyright &copy; 2003-2010, Troy D. Hanson   http://uthash.sourceforge.net
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
